Hello everyone and welcome to the social club project where we're going to be doing here and part one
is beginning by building our basic set up for the project.
That is the basic directories and just the basic structure for our code.
We're also going to be giving you a quick tour of how you can customize your own adab environment.
You'll notice that we actually code out through the second clone project.
Our environment's going to look a little different style wise such as the UI or the color scheme versus
the previous project so I'm going to show you how you can set up and customize your own out of an environment.
OK let's hop over to Adam and get started.
All right here am I my Adam text editor and you'll notice that for one thing I'm actually going on this
with a Mac operating system.
So it's going to look a little different.
But the other thing you may notice is the actual color scheme and the theme looks a little different.
So I want to actually describe how you can do this on any system.
We need to do is go to settings or if you're on a Mac preferences so just open up the preferences or
settings or just restart.
Adam and usually you'll see a link to the settings and that looks like this is basically the same page
where we're actually installing packages.
And if you come over here it's where it says theme's you basically have two things you can really edit.
It's the syntax theme and the UI.
The UI theme that styles the tabs the status bar treeview drop downs etc. and you can actually install
themes that people create.
So there's a ton of community themes here that you can look at or when you actually look over here on
install you can search for themes so click on themes and then take a look and search around for different
themes that you may be familiar with if you work with other IDs or you can just look at the featured
theme packages coming back to themes.
So here I have this study or SETI theme.
That's one of my favorites to work with.
And then you can click here on this little setting's tool and you can edit the theme further to your
liking and you can also select the syntax theme here.
Actually select the syntax so if you like a white background or dark background whatever sort of color
scheme you like you can select that as well and always you can't click here on the settings icon and
then style a little more if you want to further style the Adam text editor.
You can click here on style sheet and using your new CSSA skills you can actually do different stylings
on the actual Adam text editor so you can edit the background color of the treeview the text editor
edit that background color etc..
So go ahead and play around that.
I'm going to leave the settings I have right now and get started.
The actual project.
So I've already created a project folder called simple clone and inside of this I'm going to start my
command line tool to actually create the project.
So we will say Django bash adman and then I will say start projects and I'm going to call it simple
social.
And then enter it you can call it Star social or whatever you want.
Now I have the simple social So there is some social and then I have my settings or els et cetera.
So that's looking good.
And the last thing I want to do is inside of this I'm also going to start an application so I will say
CD into simple social and then list here so I can see you my man is up high and my main project file
or folder simple social.
And then I'm going to say Shingo admen.
You can also use menders up high if you want to start app.
And we're going to start off with the accounts application.
So that's really the main application we're going to be focusing on at first and then later on we'll
add things like posts groups etc. so I'm going to start the accounts application and there we go we
have three here so that's good to go.
And what I'm going to do is add a couple of more directories that we're going to be needing.
Along the way we want the of right now but we will might as well create them.
So underneath simple social I will create a template victory so a new folder templates and if you wanted
to you could also do this straight from the command line.
So there's my templates directory and I'm going to leave those as empty templates that I can later use
for the main project page things like I basically just the smell or smell of them.
A thank you page.
Then the next thing to do is set up my static folder so I will say static from my folder Sometimes people
also call this assets.
And then what I'm also going to do is set up a couple of folders in here.
So I'm going to set up a simple social sales click on static create a new folder and set up inside of
static loops.
Try that again.
New Folder simple social and turn and expands Thetic and there is see simple social and inside of that
and to create two new folders called CSSA for all my CSSA files.
And then new folder in their culture asks for all my javascript files and maybe if you want some top
level CSSA sometimes some people do is instead of static just at the very top level they'll say CSSA.
And then inside of this they'll have some sort of master CSSA file so you can say new file and call
this master that's VSS.
So I'll do that as well just so everything matches along with the actual project notes.
OK so now that we have all that one I'm going to do it just set up my settings up high file instead
of the simple social app to match everything so we can be ready to go.
Well we're actually working with accounts.
So open up these settings that py file Well we're going to do is add in just the usual that we've been
doing plus a couple more lines of code.
So the first thing I want to do is write at the top where it says base directory and I'm going to actually
collapse Mitry now.
So I get a little more room to work with.
I will say templates underscore the rectory is equal to was thought path join and then want to join
the base their victory with templates goals and that's ready to go.
And then the next thing to do is scroll down to where it says installed apps and what I'm going to do
is add an accounts.
Now I'm just going to add only accounts for now.
There are still a lot more stuff we have to add and such as groups posts and we're also going to add
in something called humanised and the bootstrap 3.
We'll talk about those when we actually end up using them.
So right now I'll just put an account there and then I'm going to keep scrolling down.
To where it says templates so that list.
As always we come over to their victories and add in that template the IRR that we just created.
So then scroll down and say that and then all the way at the bottom like scroll the way down on I'm
going to do is run into the static URL.
I'm also going to add my static files files underscored the hour.
So the directory for my static files and that's going to just be put in as a list is paff join and that's
going to be based directory joined with the word static.
Just so it matches up what I have.
Now some people like to put the static files directory all the way up to at the top here.
The other directories I personally like putting it down here because this kind of where Django by default
indicates where static file should go.
So again the only things added right now where the static files coming all the way back up.
I also added in the template directory and then I edited my accounts installed applications.
So now that we have that I'm going to kind of expand the command line here.
Let me clear.
If you are on Windows it will be seamless.
Since I'm I'm actually just going to be clear.
I'll zoom in a little bit so you guys can see a better idea of what I'm going to be typing here and
I'm going to say Python managed up high migrates enter and that's going to do all the initial migrations
and then they'll say Python managed up high make migrations for my accounts.
Enter there and it said no change at the app account.
Perfect.
So then I'll say Python up-I migrate.
And we should see no migration to apply.
OK let's confirm that we just that everything right by saying Python manage the API run server enter
and it should be running now.
So let me open this up or copy and paste this.
And now bringing in my actual Chrome browser or whatever browser you happen to be using at that link
at work.
Congratulations on your first jingle power to page.
OK.
So that's all I wanted to show for this initial part 1 in the next lecture we're going to dive much
deeper into setting up accounts for actual little simple social clone's site.
So right now you should be able to have the jingle powered web page working and then you're setting
up high file as well as the other directories set up the same way we did.
OK thanks everyone and I'll see at the next lecture.